Hello, I am Steve, my part is Data Visualization and some important functions implementation. Let me start my presentation.

To support the visualization of Canarin II sensor data, we have designed an interface and it supports data uploading from the administrator account. I am going to explain the implementation of the visualization page and its business logic layer source codes. We use Django which is MVC based framework of this project. we designed a Homepage view class to process when a user entering the dashboard which he or she will see first. Without URL parameters inputted, users can be directed to our introduction page, as well, It will also work with a URL dispatcher which can get the specific node number from URL parameter and routing our users to the node which he or she wants to see. Moreover, we have also defined two of the helper methods, simpleDatetime to simplify DateTime which can present the DateTime shorter for better reading. and the mem method to fetch the memory usage of the server and the memory usage can be seen clearly at the bottom-left corner of our dashboard webpage. it supports Linux servers and macOS servers. 

Here is the front-ended implementation of the node selector. Users can see the current node, select nodes with a selector, or simply use the clickable map to navigate them through each of the floors. users can also get the GPS longitude, latitude, and altitude of that node.

Here is the implementation of plotting the data. We use chart.js API and html5 canvas to present the chart for users, the chart is very pretty and elegant. we use id to mark each canvas which can display each kind of data such as temperature, air pressure, PMs level, etc. from the dataset. 

There is the javascript code for plotting data, it gets data from the view function which I have mentioned above, the x-axis and y-axis is DateTime, and each value of the data at that DateTime collected from canarin sensor. with the help of the Django template render, data will pass as the context from the view function to template rapidly with high performance. the code is also simple and pretty. We also make each data with different colors by altering the datasets settings field, it provides a better looking and can easily make users differentiate different data.

The next function is Clickable Map, we have modified the source code of each SVG picture, and put them together as a map selector page. so we created a MapView class and configured the URL dispatcher, as the user clicked the map as hyperlink. it will navigate users to the map URL automatically, then just click the sensor in the map which is also as a hyperlink, so you can select the node with ease by clicking hyperlinks. to be more user-friendly, we make the clickable stuff in red.

It is not easy to implement time filtering in Chart.js, because it does not have this function, so we decided to develop it by ourselves, we got started from the backend-end, so we used URL to pass the start time and end time, it is a better way as modifying front-ended, it can make select time easier with just modify the start and end date as the date input entry, it can also be scrapper-friendly or make it easy to open our Canarin dashboard API for other developers. The URL will be resolved into three parameters node number, start date, and end date. through the analysis_filter_render method which is designed for filter fetching data from the database and render the template with a specific date range to users as the code presents. so finally we got the time selector function.

That is the end of my presentation, thank you!